add custom granularities to mf timespine (#6145)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/release-notes.md

## October 2024

> - **New**: The dbt Semantic Layer supports custom calendar configurations in MetricFlow that allow you to query data using non-standard time periods like `fiscal_year` or `retail_month`. Refer to [custom calendar](/docs/build/metricflow-time-spine#custom-calendar) to learn how to define these custom granularities in your MetricFlow timespine YAML configuration.

Author: ```suggestion
- **New**: The dbt Semantic Layer supports custom calendar configurations in MetricFlow, available in Preview. Custom calendar configurations allow you to query data using non-standard time periods like `fiscal_year` or `retail_month`. Refer to [custom calendar](/docs/build/metricflow-time-spine#custom-calendar) to learn how to define these custom granularities in your MetricFlow timespine YAML configuration.
```

> - **New**: The dbt Semantic Layer supports custom calendar configurations in MetricFlow, available in Preview. Custom calendar configurations allow you to query data using non-standard time periods like `fiscal_year` or `retail_month`. Refer to [custom calendar](/docs/build/metricflow-time-spine#custom-calendar) to learn how to define these custom granularities in your MetricFlow timespine YAML configuration.

Author: ```suggestion
- **New**: The dbt Semantic Layer supports custom calendar configurations in MetricFlow, available in [Preview](/docs/dbt-versions/product-lifecycles#dbt-cloud). Custom calendar configurations allow you to query data using non-standard time periods like `fiscal_year` or `retail_month`. Refer to [custom calendar](/docs/build/metricflow-time-spine#custom-calendar) to learn how to define these custom granularities in your MetricFlow timespine YAML configuration.
```
